Hmm...
uhm...
Is the camera on?
Hmm, can you hear me?
Nice to meet you,
my name is Kizuna Ai,
Pleased to meet you!
Did anyone notice what that was earlier on?
Well well, that was A.I. Channel's version of a PC wallpaper!
Actually, that can be easily done!
YES, with the Wallpaper Engine!
Today, I would like to introduce you to...
*drum rolls*
Wallpaper Engine!
Well simply put,
it's an application that allows you to create and use live wallpapers!
As for the price, it only costs 398yen (3.5usd),
it's cheap!
You can even download live wallpapers created by other users via the Steam Workshop!
All you have to do (in the app) is just to select a wallpaper from the list,
it's really easy, isn't it?
And click "OK"
After clicking,
What do you think?
Just two clicks: Choose and Set
Just like that, you can have a live wallpaper on your screen!
Super easy, isn't it?
And, you can also customize the colors!
Can you see the wallpaper behind (the window)?
Now, its color is pinkish like me
Now, as I move the sliders on the color selection panel it turns black and purplish!
You can even adjust the playback speed!
You can customize it anyway you want!
How's this?
My personal color,
and speed!
It's unique, isn't it!
Furthermore, there's not only the default ones,
at the Steam Workshop you can also download and use live wallpapers created by other users!
At the wallpaper browsing window,
click the "Browse Workshop" button on the bottom left,
and you will be able to view the wallpapers created by other users!
This,
I'm curious about this one!
In the wallpaper, your girlfriend (or a girl) appears!
Something like that?
When you click the "Subscribe" button on this page,
the wallpaper will be added to your list!
What do you think?
She's sleeping!
Right now in my computer,
a girl almost as cute as me is...
I can hear her breathing!
Ahh~! She spoke!
She's... speaking to me
She's cuuute!
That's great, isn't it?
So everyone...
after looking at this,
don't you feel tempted to get this?
Oh dear look at this,
there is also a live wallpaper of Miku-san!
Ah, there it is~
And,
OK!
Look at this!
She's hopping!
Sofaaa~
Ahh!~
Haven't we seen this somewhere before?
Ohh!~
L-Look at how flowy her hair is!
This is great, isn't it?
So cuuute!~
I saw this on twitter and was really curious about it
Ah, look at how flowy her hair is,
does anyone understand what I'm trying to say?
See, her hair falls in place nicely
Then she looks over here and pops out right in front of you-
Ahh!
So close~
Now, let's get down to business
You know, you can also use your own video as a live wallpaper!
You have to,
Open the file from here
And then,
you select the video that you want to use as wallpaper
By the way, the video has to be in .mp4 format if you wanna use it, so do take note!
How's this?
It is me!
Myself feat. myself~
With this,
I will be able to see the cute, genius, etc. me all the time!~
Not everyone has a video of me, right?
Don't worry even if you don't have it!
You see,
even without downloading the video,
you can also link it via the video's URL!
Click the "Open from URL" button,
insert the video's URL and,
tadaa, it becomes a live wallpaper!
And look,
even though this is a wallpaper,
you can interact with it!
It's amazing, isn't it?
With that, everyone can also use A.I. Channel as their wallpaper!
Switch to your desktop and you see Ai-chan,
go on to YouTube and you see Ai-chan again!
You will be with me, all 365 days!
That concludes my introduction to Wallpaper Engine!
I would also like to create a live wallpaper whereby
everyone can also download via Steam Workshop!
With that I'll invade everyone's computer!
We can meet every day, at anywhere and anytime!
When the live wallpaper's uploaded I'll inform you guys on Twitter, so do stay tuned!
Please use it lots and have fun with me when the time comes!
Well then, see you again,
Bye bye!~